In summary, use well-established frameworks,
like Spring Security, Spring tag library,
and keep these up to date.
The increased adoption of these frameworks has resulted in
significant declines of occurrences of once-common threats,
like cross-site request forgery, clickjacking,
cross-site scripting, man-in-the-middle attacks.
Use HTTPS for everything.
There is no more excuses.
Performance is no longer a factor with increased bandwidth and processing power,
and you can get a free certificate with Let's Encrypt.
Don't change any of the default security settings without knowing
the implications to your users of doing so.
Register your domain for preloading to significantly reduce the chances of
a successful man-in-the-middle attack on your users.
If you want to learn more about HTTPS or HSTS and any of
the security headers we just discussed,
I would recommend the following Pluralsight courses,
What Every Developer Must Know About HTTPS and
Introduction to Browser Security Headers.
Now on the top of the list for OWASP 2017 threats is injections,
like SQL injection.
There are still many high-profile cases of these attacks being successful.
Hence, in the next module, we will go over how to securely store your credentials with Spring Security.